`SuperSelect` - docs for search position (HDS-4254) (#2620)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/form/super-select/partials/code/component-api.md

!!! Info

The default values of some [ember-power-select](https://ember-power-select.com/docs/api-reference) options have been overridden to either resolve accessibility issues or to customize according to our needs.

Overrides to fix accessibility issues:

> - `renderInPlace`: Always set as `true`. (The opener element or “trigger” should be next to dropdown content it hides & reveals.)

Reviewer: Super small nit, but i'd remove the parenthesis on this line and the following line.
```suggestion
- `renderInPlace`: Always set as `true`. The opener element or “trigger” must be next to dropdown content it hides & reveals.
```

> - `searchFieldPosition`: Always set to `"before-options"`. (Rendering the search input within the trigger is not compliant because it nests interactive elements within each other.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `searchFieldPosition`: Always set to `"before-options"`. Rendering the search input within the trigger is not compliant because it nests interactive elements within each other.
```

    <br><br>
    <strong>Note</strong>: It cannot be overridden.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="searchFieldPosition" @type="string">
    Determines whether the search field, when enabled, renders either within the before options content or in the “trigger” area.
    <br><br>

>     Set to `"before-options"` to fix a `PowerSelect` accessibility issue. (Rendering the search input within the trigger area creates a nested interaction.)

Author: Is there any more a11y-related content related to this that we would want to add within the SuperSelect docs?  
(See: [Docs preview](https://hds-website-git-hds-4254-super-select-search-p-2680bc-hashicorp.vercel.app/components/form/super-select))

@MelSumner @shleewhite

Reviewer: I don't think we need to necessarily link out to anything, you could just elaborate a bit more. Something like this:

```suggestion
    Set to `"before-options"` to fix a `PowerSelect` accessibility issue. Rendering the search input within the trigger is not complaint because it nests an interactive element within another interactive element.
```

    <br><br>
    Note: It cannot be overridden.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="searchFieldPosition" @type="string">
    Determines whether the search field, when enabled, renders either within the before options content or in the “trigger” area.
    <br><br>

>     Set to `"before-options"` to fix a `PowerSelect` accessibility issue. (Rendering the search input within the trigger area creates a nested interaction.)

Author: ```suggestion
    Set to `"before-options"` to fix a `PowerSelect` accessibility issue.  Rendering the search input within the trigger is not compliant because it nests an interactive element within another interactive element.
```
